hi what's up we're here today at holy
Chuck it's a cold day but it's sunny
it's beautiful outside we're about to
get our winter meat on I got my buddy
here having Sheldon a cane - art it can
either bearded burger baron I'm Jason
find some we also brought along my buddy
Danny Boy Shane AKA be Shane aka the
human hippo
let's get E I feel like he and filter
right now on the Ryder Cup about to
destroy it's over three ounces over TD
cheese on it just seared on the grill
with nothing on it no flour no not there
just cheese olive oil in a fresh red
onion this is a frustrated cow it's two
blue balls with blue cheese in it and
then we talked it with st. agur blue
sauteed portabellos double smoked bacon
and caramelized onions
maybe I do like
oh you're not coming to my fridge and
now though spicy really spicy delicious
pineapple I thought it was different
yeah stick to it yes it's good spice
well everybody in the items need to be
known by these teams I love the spice
Rastamouse now I know how God feels when
he's burger so I might be doing a
homemade buttermilk ganky with foie gras
and white truffle that's what I made
this morning
no oh dude no for myself
no actually I'm in my unbelievable so I
think we're gonna put them on the I
think we're for the menu because good
god Oh world the world the world has to
face this man it's got pancetta on it
two slices and it's put its put on a
croissant that soft baked by by a French
French bakery across the street
we get a break a couple of times daily
fresh how nice egg on it
somebody's up here Canadian maple syrup
the bacon on the bottom of the maple
nice yeah I'm not sharing this with you
guys these are the trophy fries which
are the white truffles you get a clone
in forbidden once a week serve with the
truffle meanings dear enjoy you got one
more I get the holding chunkier you're
going you gotta get down here try
Oh Chuck two patties cheese bacon
caramelized onions simple as that
when we ask people to put any toppings
on this minor heart palpitation starting
I saved my last two bytes I got I've got
a little bite of the Chuck and the
residual topping should not blueburger I
thought just sharing in the bounty this
is incredible favorite burger burger
really pull right now I think I don't
think I can feel feeling properly the
blue cheese burger you yeah I did I
liked it a lot I also I really like the
smokey cow cheese was good